Mary thought she gave the books to Bill.
John introduced him to Bill.
Mary expected me to introduce her to Bill.
Mary expected me to introduce her to Bill.
Everyone introduced John to him.
Mary expected me to point the gun at her.
John would prefer for him to win.
Mary expected Bill to prefer for her to win.
John believed him to be incompetent.
Everyone believed him to be incompetent.
Mary expected Bill to believe her to be incompetent.
Mary heard Bill's stories about her.
John heard some stories about him.
John saw him.
John told Bill about him.
John expected him to win.
John would prefer for him to win.
John would hate it for him to win.
John is too clever for him to expect us to catch him.
John expected Mary to catch him.
John expected that he would catch Mary.
John is too clever to expect us to catch Bill.
He said that John would win.
He said Mary had kissed everyone.
He said everyone had kissed Mary.
Everyone said Mary had kissed him.
Everyone said he had kissed Mary.
Which book that John read did he like.
He liked every book that John read.
I don't remember who thinks that he read which book that John likes.
They regard Bill as too critical of them.
Bill regards them as too critical of themselves.
I impressed them as too critical of them.
They impressed me as too critical of themselves.
John asked Bill his plans.
John told Bill his plans.
John promised Bill his consent.
John promised Bill his admission to the university.
John told Bill too many things for him to understand.
John told Bill things that were too difficult for him to understand.
John heard too many things for him to understand.
John heard too many things for him to understand.
John considers Bill too stupid for him to pass algebra.
John gave Bill a book for him to read.
John saw my picture of him.
John saw a picture of him.
John thought I saw a picture of him.
He wants for John to win.
He believes John to be intelligent.
He considers John intelligent.
John is his worst enemy.
John likes him.
John likes himself.
John believes that Mary likes him.
John's mother likes him.
John's picture of himself is nice.
They like each other.
Their pictures of each other are nice.
John believes himself to like Mary.
John believes that he likes Mary.
John believes Mary to like him.
John likes Mary's pictures of himself.
John likes pictures of himself.
John saw pictures of himself.
They read their books.
They read each other's books.
John thinks he likes Mary.
John thinks Mary likes him.
John's teacher can't stand John.
John believes himself to be clever.
The men seem to each other to be clever.
John believes that Bill talks to himself.
John likes himself.
Mary watched her do the shuffle.
Mary watched herself do the shuffle.
Mr. Smith saw a driver in his truck.
Mr. Smith saw a driver of his truck.
The castle in Camelot remained the residence of the king until 536 when he moved it to London.
My uncle doesn't have a spouse, but your aunt does, and he is lying on the floor.
John said his mother would sue the man who hit him.
John said his mother would sue the man who hit himself.
John's father's portrait of him.
John's father's portrait of himself.
After John robbed the bank, the policeman apprehended him.
After John robbed the bank, the policeman apprehended himself.
John claimed that the picture of him hanging in the post office was a fraud.
After he robbed the bank, John left town.
That he was elected chairman surprised John.
That he had done something terrible was disturbing to John.
John and Bill saw each other.
John and Bill saw themselves.
Mary and her sister planned to leave before 8AM, but the girls soon realized that this was unrealistic.
John and Bill wanted to eat their food.
Mary and John enjoyed themselves.
